fails:The defined? keyword when called with a method name having a module as receiver returns nil if the method is private
fails:The defined? keyword when called with a method name having a module as receiver returns nil if the method is protected
fails:The defined? keyword when called with a method name having a local variable as receiver calls #respond_to_missing?
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression returns nil for an expression with !~ and an undefined method
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression returns 'method' for an expression with '!~'
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with '!' and an unset class variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with 'not' and an unset class variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with '!' and an unset global variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with '!' and an unset instance variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with 'not' and an unset global variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with 'not' and an unset instance variable
fails:The defined? keyword for variables returns nil for a global variable that has not been read
fails:The defined? keyword for variables returns nil for a global variable that has been read but not assigned to
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String does not match a Regexp returns nil for $&
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String does not match a Regexp returns nil for $`
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String does not match a Regexp returns nil for $'
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String does not match a Regexp returns nil for $+
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String matches a Regexp returns 'global-variable' for $&
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String matches a Regexp returns 'global-variable' for $`
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String matches a Regexp returns 'global-variable' for $'
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String matches a Regexp returns 'global-variable' for $+
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String matches a Regexp returns 'global-variable' for the capture references
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp does not match a String returns nil for $&
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp does not match a String returns nil for $`
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp does not match a String returns nil for $'
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp does not match a String returns nil for $+
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp matches a String returns 'global-variable' for $&
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp matches a String returns 'global-variable' for $`
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp matches a String returns 'global-variable' for $'
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp matches a String returns 'global-variable' for $+
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp matches a String returns 'global-variable' for the capture references
fails:The defined? keyword for a scoped constant returns nil when an undefined constant is scoped to a defined constant
fails:The defined? keyword for a top-level scoped constant returns nil when an undefined constant is scoped to a defined constant
fails:The defined? keyword for super returns nil when a superclass undef's the method
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking no arguments returns 'super' from a block when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking no arguments returns 'super' from a #define_method when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking no arguments returns 'super' from a block in a #define_method when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking no arguments returns 'super' when the method exists in a supermodule
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking arguments returns 'super' when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking arguments returns 'super' from a block when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking arguments returns 'super' from a #define_method when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking arguments returns 'super' from a block in a #define_method when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super within an included module's method returns 'super' when a superclass method exists in the including hierarchy
fails:The defined? keyword for instance variables returns nil if not assigned
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String does not match a Regexp returns nil for $1-$9
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String matches a Regexp returns nil for non-captures
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp does not match a String returns nil for $1-$9
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp matches a String returns nil for non-captures
