Usage: -XX:FlightRecorderOptions=[option[=value][,...]]

This option expects a comma separated list of key-value pairs. None of the options are mandatory. Possible option keys are as follows:

globalbuffercount   (Optional) Number of global buffers. This option is a legacy
                    option: change the memorysize parameter to alter the number of
                    global buffers. This value cannot be changed once JFR has been
                    initialized. (LONG, default determined by the value for
                    memorysize)

globalbuffersize    (Optional) Size of the global buffers, in bytes. This option is a
                    legacy option: change the memorysize parameter to alter the size
                    of the global buffers. This value cannot be changed once JFR has
                    been initialized. (STRING, default determined by the value for
                    memorysize)

maxchunksize        (Optional) Maximum size of an individual data chunk in bytes if
                    one of the following suffixes is not used: 'm' or 'M' for
                    megabytes OR 'g' or 'G' for gigabytes. This value cannot be
                    changed once JFR has been initialized. (STRING, 12M)

memorysize          (Optional) Overall memory size, in bytes if one of the following
                    suffixes is not used: 'm' or 'M' for megabytes OR 'g' or 'G' for
                    gigabytes. This value cannot be changed once JFR has been
                    initialized. (STRING, 10M)

repositorypath      (Optional) Path to the location where recordings are stored until
                    they are written to a permanent file. (STRING, The default
                    location is the temporary directory for the operating system. On
                    Linux operating systems, the temporary directory is /tmp. On
                    Windows, the temporary directory is specified by the TMP
                    environment variable)

stackdepth          (Optional) Stack depth for stack traces. Setting this value
                    greater than the default of 64 may cause a performance
                    degradation. This value cannot be changed once JFR has been
                    initialized. (LONG, 64)

thread_buffer_size  (Optional) Local buffer size for each thread in bytes if one of
                    the following suffixes is not used: 'k' or 'K' for kilobytes or
                    'm' or 'M' for megabytes. Overriding this parameter could reduce
                    performance and is not recommended. This value cannot be changed
                    once JFR has been initialized. (STRING, 8k)

preserve-repository (Optional) Preserve files stored in the disk repository after the
                    Java Virtual Machine has exited. (BOOLEAN, false)